Add beginner course for MongoDB (#1075)
enkidevs/curriculum: mongodb/intro/crud-query-collections/query-collection-3.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

levels:
  - beginner

aspects:
  - new

type: normal

category: must-know

standards:
  javascript.crud.3: 10
  javascript.comparison-operators.0: 10
  javascript.comparison-operators.1: 10
  javascript.comparison-operators.2: 10
  javascript.comparison-operators.3: 10
  javascript.logical-operators.0: 10

links:

---
# Querying a collection using $and
---
## Content

In the previous insight, we discussed how to query using the `$lt`, `$gt`, `$lte` and `$gte` operators.

Now, we are going to discuss how to find a range between two values using a combination of the 4 previously explained operators and the `$and` logical operator.

The `$and` logical operator is used to join 2 or more expressions together to query data more precisely. When we query with the `$and` operator, no matter the number of expressions located inside, all expressions have to evaluate to true.

> Let's say we want to find all the pokémon whos `power` ranges between 250 and 350, we would need to use 2 or more of the above operators together with the `$and` operator to achieve so. If we would use them without `$and`, it would not give a range between the two values, but rather all values lower than and greater than the specified ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say we want to find all the pokémons whose `power` ranges between 250 and 350, we would need to use 2 or more of the above operators together with the `$and` operator to achieve so. If we would use them without `$and`, it would not give a range between the two values, but rather all values lower than and greater than the specified ones.
```
